Clarification on using @Watch on @State (#746)
ionic-team/stencil-site: src/docs/components/reactive-data.md

## Watch Decorator

> When a user updates a property, `Watch` will fire the method it's attached to, and pass that method the new value of the prop along with the old value. `Watch` is useful for validating props, states or handling side effects. The `Watch` decorator does not fire when a component initially loads.

Reviewer: Thanks for this! This led to a great discussion amongst the team about some of the ways our documentation is lacking, and we think this definitely helps! To help make this even clearer for folks that don't find that StackOverflow post you mentioned, what do you think of this verbiage?

```suggestion
`Watch` will fire the method it's attached to when a user updates a property, or when an internal state member changes. That method will receive the new value of the prop/state, along with the old value. `Watch` is useful for validation or the handling of side effects. The `Watch` decorator does not fire when a component initially loads.
```
